Hi everyone, before we start this week's show, which was recorded live in
Ofkham, we want to let you know how you can come to one of our live events.
Yes, we have a website. It has all of the places that we're going to be in the upcoming months.
Some of them will be in the UK and Ireland for the rest of you living in Europe.
We are going to Gothenburg, Stockholm, Oslo, Amsterdam,
Grenigan, Geneva, Copenhagen and Antwerp and this is very exciting.
We just announced two more dates. Can you guess where they are, Dan?
You know where they are. Yes, I know.
That was me trying to fake not knowing. It's Paris and Berlin.
Paris and Berlin, wow.
Yeah, we're so excited. Those tickets are going to go on sale this Friday.
You can go to know such thing as a fish.com.
We have a link to the British Irish and then all of these amazing European dates going as well.
Do go for the Europeans as quick as you can, by the way, if you're living there
because they are going quick. We expect Paris and Berlin will sell out in minutes.
It's my prediction. Well, let's see if that prediction comes true, Daniel.
But no matter what, we hope to see you there.
Anyway, hope you enjoy this week's show. Again, recorded live in Ofkham.
Okay, on with the show. On with the podcast.
Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish,
a weekly podcast this week coming to you from Ofkham.
My name is James Shriver and I am sitting here with Enich Zinsky,
Andrew Huntson, Marie, and James Harkin.
And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
from the last seven days. And in no particular order,
here we go, starting with you, James.
Okay, my fact this week is that there is a man in the poll who can lick his own
forehead. And the reason I'm laughing to myself is because I know what he looks like.
So if you're at home listening to this, then do Google it.
And if you're in Ofkham, sat in front of us, then here's what he looks like.
We told you at home it was worth googling.
It's so amazing. What's so bizarre about him is that when you hear he can look his own
forehead, you immediately think, "Oh my god, he makes his tongue really long."
And little do you know, he makes his face really tiny.
He's a little bit of both because he does have a really long tongue.
You can sometimes see pictures where he sticks out. It's really, really long.
He's basically, he's a 35-year-old bus driver from Urla Barri in the poll.
And he says that he tries not to do this too often because he scares the children.
Well, he says he's not been allowed to do it at work when he's on the bus.
He says that A, the children get scared. And then with, he talks about adults.
He says, "Even adults can lose consciousness when they watch me in action."
But can you guys lick your nose with your tongue?
No. It's quite rare, isn't it? Oh, wow.
Again, oh, just Google pictures of people licking their tongue and you'll see what that is.
I didn't realise it had a name, so 10% of people can do it, including me.
It's called the Gaulin sign. Didn't know how to medical term.
And you've tried doing the full forehead.
I think I have to work up to that.
It's really interesting, though, because this guy is kind of gurning.
Are we saying it's gurning the sport where you scrunch your face into an amazing shape
and you surprise people and win awards?
You know, gurning the sport.
Gurning, yeah. The Olympic sport of gurning, yeah.
So the British and world obviously gurning championships, because no-one else does it.
Makeup is banned, but manipulation of false teeth if you have them is permitted.
And it really helps if you don't have many teeth.
So this guy in Nepal has only one tooth, I believe.
Oh, I see.
You're okay.
Oh, yeah.
Okay. Yeah. And there's a gurning world champion called Peter Jackman, not to be confused with Peter Jackson,
who he's won the championships four times and he had all of his teeth removed so that he could
improve his technique. Wow, really. Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
There's an organisers that said age definitely helps in the competition, because your skin is much
looser when you, when you age, it allows you to manipulate and crease up in ways.
So you have an advantage if you're older.
And I should say this world championship or British championship for the whole world,
but only British people take part.
And in fact, only people from Cumbria take part.
Even the people of Devon look down on the voucher voucher.
You know, in 2014 the two runners up were both Swedish.
Oh, no, I didn't know that.
But it takes place in the Egremont Crab Fair.
And they say it's been happening since 1267.
At the fair, it seems might have been happening since then on and off, because we know that
King Henry III granted a royal charter for a fair.
We think probably the gurning hasn't taken part for all that time.
Although there is a newspaper article in 1852 that says it's an ancient practice.
So it has definitely been going on for a long time.
Yeah.
Yeah. I was reading an obituary of a guy called Lenny Wells.
This is an obituary in the Guardian.
And he died in the year 2000.
And he was known for gurning in various TV adverts who is very good at gurning.
It said, although he was also a keen rugby fan and devoted family man,
it is for the unique rubberiness of his lips and cheeks that he will be most fondly remembered.
That was one, that was the interview people who had taken part in contest with him.
And one of the guys said, this one time Gordon Blacklock, another competitor,
I'm sure you've heard of, another gurna.
Gordon Blacklock was at head on points, but Lenny stepped up and pulled a face like a rhino's anus.
I'm telling you.
Is that a technical term?
I'm telling you the audience went bizarre.
Oh, no, no.
I love to hear the commentators.
I'm like, can I just come on up the back like a rhino's anus is?
There was, in fact, I think the greatest champion of all time is Anne Woods,
who was one of the woman's gurning title, 28 times.
That's 28 years of gurning.
She missed one crab fur when she was expecting a baby,
and it probably pulling a lot of faces then as well.
And in 2010, she collapsed after four minutes of intensive gurning,
and had to be rushed to hospital.
So there are injuries that happened in the sport.
And actually Anne Woods died quite recently as well.
She died in 2015, and I read her obituary,
and it said that she always entered the gurning arena
to the tune of "You're gorgeous" by Baby Bird.
For reeners, like how many people are going to watch this thing?
We mentioned before Mr. Rugley from Zimbabwe,
so there's an annual Mr. Rugley competition in Zimbabwe,
which is very similar to the gurning.
And in 2015, there was a huge controversy,
because the guy who won it, the runner-up, who was a previous winner
and had been thinking he would win it again,
the runner-up said it's not fair.
His argument is based on the fact that he's got a lot of teeth missing,
whereas my argument is natural.
And the winners said, you know, "Suck it up."
He said, "They should just accept. I'm uglier than them."
He can only suck it up if he's no teeth.
Get your teeth removed. Have some commitment.
Like, you know, a aforementioned champion.
Get them out.
On tongs, because this guy can lick his own forehead.
There's some new research has found that weightlifters have stronger tongs,
and runners have better tong endurance than normal people.
This is not amazing.
I've actually never watched the weightlifting.
Do they have a little tiny, a little weight lily for their tongs?
Well, they're doing the big ones with their arms.
What they thought is perhaps it's because you're working out more.
All of your muscles are stronger.
But actually, having good tong muscles is really important,
because it keeps your airways open.
So if your tong is stronger, then it means it keeps your airways open,
and maybe it's better for running,
better for keeping more oxygen in your bodies, stuff like that.
I think it's a very specific thing, the way you pronounce tongue from your part of the world.
And it just takes so long to get over the fact that it's tong,
and you're just thinking, "What, my fire tongs are perfectly strong."
Do you generally own fire tongs?
Of course, I don't have a fire.
I just jab the radiator with them sometimes.
Draffs have good tongs.
Really good tongs. They're tongs are half a meter long and at least half a meter.
So that's longer than my forearm?
Wow, how much do we see?
Is that outside or is that...
No, no, it's not outside, so quite a lot of it goes back into them, I think.
But you know, there's just a man outside.
If you've seen a giraffe, you know, lick a leaf off a tree.
Can they lick the ears?
Yes, they can lick the ears. That's right.
Yes, and they're also black or purple their tongs,
and they think that's because they spend 12 hours a day with their tongs out.
And they would be sunburnt on them if they didn't have sun protection.
So that's why they have black tongs, don't have tongs.
I'm just really self-conscious about saying that word now.
There was a doctor in the, I think, the 19th century.
There was a big debate over how you could prove that someone had died.
And there was a, I think he was French, doctor called Labaud.
And he said that you can save people who only appear to be dead.
You know, they fall into a swoon or they might be unconscious,
but they are revivable.
And he said the way to do it is to pull their tong
rhythmically for three hours.
He could do that for two hours and 59 minutes and then he got...
He swore, he swore that he'd done this.
He said he'd saved people doing it.
He said he'd saved an unconscious cow and a bulldog that had swooned.
And he invented a tongue-pulling machine which was, you know,
which pull the machine. And there was an assistant whose job was to turn the crank and pull the
tongue-pulling machine out. Oh my god.
I know. So he resigned because he was bored and he was replaced with an electric tongue-pulling machine.
So... Wow.
There's a hockey player called Brad, an ice hockey player called Brad Marchand.
And he has been ordered to stop licking his opponents.
He's done this more than once, but the most recent person he licked was opposition player Ryan
Callahan. And Marchand has been described in his official biography as the little ball of hate.
So... sort of the liquor overlicky.
That's the liquor who was that. And basically it's his job to kind of start fights and stuff like
that happens in hockey. But the guy who he licked said I don't know what the difference is between
spitting in someone's face and licking it, which is quite a good point, I think.
And then the person who did the licking said, well, he punched me four times in the face.
[laughter]
This is a certain half a dozen isn't it?
Do you know how you start your tongue out when you concentrate or you may have done as a child?
Some people do, yeah.
I definitely did. And it's much more common in children.
And I was reading a article by a neurologist who said he thinks he knows why we do this.
And it's partly because if you're really concentrating, number one is because it stops the distraction
of taste or texture within your mouth. So if you just hang your tongue out, I guess it's not really
touching anything. It's not tasty or touching anything. But number two, he said it's because
breastfeeding babies stick their tongue out to push their mothers nipple away when they're full.
And so that's what we're doing when we're concentrating. We're saying leave me alone.
I've got stuff to be getting along with now.
[laughter]
I'll be honest, next time I stick my tongue out, I won't be able to concentrate quite as much
as I could before. [laughter]
Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Andy.
My fact is that in 1903, you could buy a gramophone record made of chocolate,
which you could play a song on and then eat the disc.
And somehow we have lost this technology.
[laughter]
But I think the technology was never great to start with, was it?
You could play a song on a piece of chocolate. That was just what it was.
You could play a couple of times. I mean, there were great turntables either.
The design of the chocolate records. But so it was, this was made by a company called
the Stolverk Chocolate Company and there were tiny turntables and small chocolate records.
It was for children basically. It was a children's toy.
And you could play the song in a couple of times and then when you got bored, you could just eat the song.
And I think did they put foil on the chocolate, didn't they?
And it was the foil that they put the ridges in which acted like the record.
And then you could peel it because you don't want to be degrading your chocolate as you play a record.
No, quite. And you say that it was a children's toy.
It was advertised in the French magazine Lanature.
And it specifically said, "This is not a toy."
What kind of miserable person do you have to be?
We'll send you a chocolate gramophone record. It's not a toy.
Did it take off? No.
She probably, you don't have any chocolate records.
Did you think you were the only one in the world who hadn't picked up on this technology?
It's got a massive hot chocolate record collection.
I'm from Australia, maybe it hasn't reached yet.
Maybe we're getting it next year. But sometimes in the annals of history, you can have 50 years of chocolate records.
The Beatles were released on chocolate and then it goes.
I think it might have been a limited edition thing.
And they tried lots of other chocolate based things, this company.
So they also produced Stolverk.
They produced a chocolate clock and a chocolate train.
Which I think not a full on train.
People weren't going around in chocolate trains.
It's been going to Edinburgh to London.
Also, where was the cool world we could have left it?
I'm afraid there's more delays. Someone's eating the motor transport again.
There must be a better way.
All the sleepers are twixes and they're a pickaxes with the main rails.
Are there a little malteasers puffing out of the train?
Nice.
Okay.
It's nice. We all want to live in this world now, don't we?
Yeah, very cool.
It's not real.
But they're word toy trains.
I'm not quite sure how they work.
But yeah, chocolate clock, I don't know, I'm saying that works.
Because that's not a very useful clock.
That's not going to last a long time.
No, no.
So this is where they didn't take off.
Actually, I didn't even look up what the oldest piece of chocolate
still existing is.
There must be some.
They keep finding bits of chocolate from the Antarctic expeditions.
The Antarctic expeditions, just back to grammar phones.
There is a grammar phone that still is in Antarctica.
It's been there for over a hundred years.
Scott of the Antarctic took two grammar phones with him.
Two grammar?
Yeah.
He was a fucking idiot, wasn't he?
I mean...
I don't think he claims to feel sorry for him.
Wow.
I can imagine them in the tent at the end.
It's like we're so cold and hungry.
Can we eat the grammar phone?
You brought the chocolate one, right?
What was he thinking?
He brought hundreds of records.
That's amazing.
Yeah, and so the idea was, because obviously they were in the hut for ages.
So Sherry Garde, who wrote the worst journey in the world,
he said that after dinner every night,
that's when the records would go on.
And one was left there, and one made it back.
I've seen it.
There was an exhibition at the Natural History Museum in London.
I went to see it.
And they've actually made an album of the best of songs
that went along as a record.
But they couldn't play the records when they were out in the middle of nowhere.
They actually had notes.
No, because they had Scott's hut.
So it was in the hut that they did.
So before they went, probably, out in the middle of nowhere.
You could have wine, not grammar phones, as well.
The winding, okay.
With captain notes, I know your hands are very cold,
but would you mind taking them out of those gloves to wind up the grammar phone just one last time?
And then I promise you can go outside.
So this is quite a cool thing.
You know the new five-pound notes, the plastic ones?
Yes, you can play a grammar phone record with a five-pound note.
As the stylus, do you mean?
Yeah, so you sell the record spinning.
There's footage online that someone's doing it.
And it doesn't produce a brilliant sound.
And you need an amplifier and stuff, but you can do it.
Oh, really?
You could probably use that five-pound note to buy an actual stylus.
I do know that.
I couldn't believe this.
There were basically iPods in the 1920s.
I don't believe that.
Yeah.
Well, the word basically did a huge amount of heavy lifting with it, isn't it?
What did they have?
These were things called Mickey Fones or Mikey Fones.
There were little music players.
180,000 of them were produced in Switzerland.
And they were, basically, they were tiny little music players,
like grammar phones or phonographs,
that you could carry around in your handbag.
And they measured two by four inches.
And the only tiny thing about them was that they measured two by four inches
when they were packed up, but then whenever you got somewhere,
it was quite a complex assembly job to build a ten-inch record player.
So it couldn't play straight away.
But even so, these are possible.
That's really cool.
Tiny little music players.
Yeah, very cool.
Now, Edison, when he sort of came up with the phonograph,
which was the pre-cursor to grammar phone records, I guess,
he thought that their main use would be,
well, one of their main uses would be phonographic books,
which will speak to blind people, he said,
without any effort on their part.
Basically, a podcast.
It's an audio book or a podcast, yeah.
Wow.
The phonographic recorded as well, didn't it, as playing.
I think that was the point of that.
And one of the main things they used it for was to record
the last words of the dying.
Wow.
That's so much pressure on someone who's dying
to nail your last words.
Yeah.
And then what if you don't go for another hour?
You're just going to sit silently going, "I don't."
It would also make you very paranoid, wouldn't it?
If you just felt a little bit peaky,
and then your wife started getting the grammar phone rigged up in the corner.
Honestly, darling, it's a cold.
OK, we need to move on to our next fact.
It is time for fact number three, and that is Chazinsky.
My fact this week is that in the early 1700s,
the most popular British guide to the history,
language, and culture of Taiwan was written by a man
who didn't speak the language had never been there
and knew nothing about it.
This was in 1704, and I'd say Taiwan,
so it was Formosa then, which was what it was called,
and it was called the History of Formosa.
And it described in huge detail the practices
that these people who would have seemed so foreign to the people of Britain,
the practices that the Formosa people got up to,
their language and everything.
It was written by a guy called George Salmanetzar,
and it was completely fake.
He was a white, blonde, head, blue-eyed Frenchman
who'd never left Europe.
And to this day, we don't really know what his background was,
or what his real name was, because George Salmanetzar was a fate name.
And he just made this up. He convinced him that his pale skin
and his appearance of being French and his French accent were,
because in Formosa, the upper classes live in underground palaces,
so they never see the sun, which he'd never caught.
That's a good excuse, though, isn't it?
It's really quick thinking, yeah.
So he had this big showdown with the Royal Society of Scientists.
They were all questioning him for ages about,
"Right, so, okay, if you really are from Formosa,
what about this?"
So Edmund Hayley of Comet fame asked him,
"How long does the sun shine down your chimneys?"
And that's a really revealing question.
Yeah, but no, come on.
Like, if you went on holiday to Spain and they said to you,
"Yeah, but Andy, are you really from England?
How long does the sun shine down your chimney?"
I'd be stuffed, wouldn't I?
Exactly.
So how's he supposed to know it?
Because that answer would have revealed
if he knew where it was on the planet.
Did he have an answer to it?
He said, "We have bent chimneys, so the sun doesn't shine down your..."
Yeah, and they said good answer.
Brilliant.
Spiraled, wasn't it?
Yeah, spiral chimneys, yeah.
Yeah, he's amazing character.
He said at Formosa that the men walk naked
except for a gold or silver plate to cover their privates.
He said that they executed murderers
by hanging them upside down and shooting them full of arrows.
And annually, they sacrificed the hearts of 18,000 young boys
to gods and priests to eat their bodies.
Yeah.
Which people did say to him if that is true
and they sacrificed that number of people,
you're not going to have many people left on this small island.
And he didn't have a good answer to that.
But he said, "Four Motions always sleep upright."
And he actually then saw this through
because he had to live the habits of them.
I'm so...
He lost a regret in that.
He used to, I think he sort of sat.
So he said a lot of Four Motions sleep standing up
and then he used to leave a candle on in his room.
So everyone could see that overnight
he was still erect in his chair
because he was Four Motions.
So he couldn't sleep in a normal bed.
Bizarrely, he said that they all eat food raw.
Things like fish raw.
And he was saying that Four Motions was part of Japan,
which is a bit weird because it was actually
belonged to China then.
But he said it was part of Japan.
So that's strange that he kind of predicted sushi
300 years before it happened.
So he got, basically, Four Motions was his third go at
trying to convince people he was from somewhere else.
So he was originally from France.
His first bash of it was saying he was Irish.
So he would go around saying, "I'm Irish."
But the thing is, everyone knew the Irish.
So they'd be like, "Oh, so what are you?"
And he was like, "I have no idea."
Just saying, "Quickly, that's stuff up on him."
"Oh, have you been to the dog and duck in Dublin?"
Yeah.
Then he said he was Japanese.
Right.
And then that failed on him as well
because Japan was getting too much.
People have been traveling there too much.
He needed to find somewhere else.
Formosa was the third one that he finally landed on,
which was useful to him.
Another time in Four Motions there was a lot of Jesuits,
Catholic missionaries.
And they knew everything that was happening there.
And so when he came along, they were going,
"No, no, really, that doesn't happen."
But weirdly, because no one trusted Catholics at the time,
they all trusted this one guy over all the Jesuits
who were saying, "No, this is bullshit."
That's so funny.
Well, at least the reputation of the church has recovered.
But we should emphasize that this was a big deal this book.
Well, he wasn't just a weirdo with a pamphlet.
This was a book that was so believed that
he lectured, who was advised to selecture on Formosa culture
and language, Oxford University.
So he invented the entire language, alphabet and all,
completely new alphabet.
A linguist studied it to see how consistent it was
and agreed it was definitely language.
To the extent that it remained in lots of language books
until the mid 19th century.
And people were still saying this is...
People weren't doing GCSE Formosa, were they?
Can I tell you quickly just something amazing about Formosa yourself?
Formosa now Taiwan.
If you were in Formosa Taiwan, and you dug through the ground,
and you dug all the way through the earth onto the other side,
the antipode, as it's called,
you would land in a place called Formosa Argentina.
Is that right?
No.
By total coincidence.
Not by a coincidence, surely.
By coincidence, yeah.
There's no relation that as far as we can see
between the two places that you would land.
Yeah, there's a place in Argentina called Formosa.
I mean, let's all definitely Google this after the show.
Sure.
That is incredible.
If that remains in the episode, that means it is true.
And that is unbelievable.
If not, you're welcome everywhere.
An exclusive.
It would be around Argentina, so that just makes sense.
So, we are in Devon at the moment.
And it seems like Devon is a bit of a hotbed for absolute fantasists.
Yeah, so Andy, you definitely know about Tuesday,
Lob sang Rampa, don't you?
Oh, you're just from Devon.
Was he, of course, too?
He was, he did a fraud saying he was a Tibetan monk.
And that was still happening in the 1950s.
He was saying that.
He said that he came from Tibet.
He made up a language.
When they gave him actual Tibetan and said,
"Why do you not recognize this?"
He said that he'd been so badly tortured during the war.
He'd blocked out all knowledge of the Tibetan language.
And then afterwards, when they realized he wasn't actually Tibetan,
he said, "Oh, no, no, no. Actually, I was possessed by the spirit of a Tibetan monk
after I fell out of a tree in London while trying to take a photograph of an owl."
Yep, he was, his name was Cyril Hoskins,
and he was an unemployed surgical trust manufacturer from Devon,
who claimed to be an incredibly ancient and powerful Tibetan monk.
And he wrote 15 books.
He wrote "Travels with the Lama" and "Like Lama is in Del Lama."
And then he wrote one "Living with the Lama" which was dictated to him by his cat.
[laughter]
"Mrs. Fifi Gray Whiskers."
And then he moved to, he later, he moved to Ireland and then Canada blatantly for tax reasons.
Tell me you're up there. Yeah, he was great.
Yeah, and then back in the 18th century,
you had someone called Princess Karabou, who was also from Devon.
And she turned up at someone's house near Bristol,
speaking a fake language and said she was from somewhere in the east.
And again, she was from Devon and she made the whole thing up.
She was from, I looked into it, I spotted that as well today.
She was from somewhere that is a 30-minute drive from where we are right now,
a little place called Withridge.
Oh, hello.
Yeah?
But even the people of Cumbria looked out on the people of Withridge.
But it was a sort of tradition that travel-riding merged into fiction.
Yes.
From about 1600, 1900, you couldn't quite tell.
There was basically three categories.
There was Gulliver's Travel Style.
This is a fictional travel account.
And then there were proper travel journals.
And then there were loads of people who were just kind of making stuff up,
but pretending it was true.
And there was the Travels of Sir John Mandeville.
Actually, so this was much earlier,
but he was almost the precursor to all of these.
These appeared in about the 1360s.
And they were taken as legit travel books for over 300 years.
So Christopher Columbus used them as a complete reference book,
like all the great travelers of later ages did.
And they covered China, India,
present-day Indonesia.
And they told these amazing stories of like Ireland's first-hand account
of people who had the bodies of humans in the heads of dogs.
Or people whose mouths were so small that they had to suck all their food through reeds,
because they just had a tiny hole for a mouth.
And he said, "All the Mongols eat their father as soon as they die."
They went, "Okay, great."
That was the thing that Sal Manazar claimed.
He claimed that he said he was divorced
and that he was a reformed cannibal because, in Formosa,
husbands were allowed to eat their wives.
If there was adultery that had happened,
if their wives had committed adultery, you were allowed to do so.
There was always a lot of cannibalism going on in these stories
when there was like the idea of weird foreigners would eat humans.
Although the guy who yottled about John Mandeville
he found one group of people whose only source of nourishment
was the smell of apples.
And he also found that he said that in Ethiopia,
"All the people had only one foot,
but that foot was so large that it shadowed them from the sun."
"Oh, come on, how does that work?"
"They would lie on the back and hold their massive foot."
"Oh, wow!"
It was awful when they wanted to go bowling.
"That's pretty cool. We should evolve like that."
This is a slightly off topic,
but PL Travers, the writer of Mary Poppins,
she was into one massive foot.
She was into a lot of esoteric stuff,
and she went on a trip at one point with a spiritual guru
who she looked up to where they were searching the earth
for a giant footprint that was said to be made
by an intergalactic giant who used earth as a stepping stone
as he was hopping through the universe.
And she was convinced there was a giant footprint
that would be a rather necromanic, I don't know if that's true.
Sorry, where was she writing?
Well, 30s, 40s, 50s?
Yeah, but she was part of a very big spiritual,
very lobsome, uh, rampant kind of movement.
Can you believe it? Any shit, didn't they?
Until almost now.
Yeah, you're right. Everyone's making really
fact-based sensual decisions these days.
Thank God we've come so far.
It's time for our final fact of the show,
and that is my fact.
My fact this week is that,
ahead of breeding season,
Iceland publishes an illustrated catalogue
of the country's most eligible sheep.
Yeah, so this is called the RAM Registry.
It's an annual catalogue that they make available.
It starts online then they do a physical publication.
And it um, it profiles in this, in the last year that's gone,
44 RAMs.
They do color photos.
They do pedigrees breeding.
It's all these stats.
It tells you everything you need to know.
Um, it's a 52 page catalogue.
They have an obituary section for RAMs that have passed away.
I think if Tinder had an obituary section,
it would be more interesting.
Yeah, that's true, but it has stuff like how many,
how many they're expected to sigh or it's just,
it's the ultimate guide that you need
for when it's breeding season you want.
I want that and that's how they,
that's how they spend their money.
This thing is 20 years old.
This Registry is well established.
There's a RAM in this year's called Strumper.
And Strumper, they say, the farmer who owns him,
says Strumper, he is aware of his environment
and knows exactly what's expected of him.
Oh, he doesn't call himself a Strumper.
He calls himself an exotic dancer.
But they get, they get graded for leadership as well.
So there are these, there are these sheep which are called flock leaders
and they automatically act as leaders to the rest of the flock.
And they, that's very important because they go off into the mountains
and you need a, uh, RAM in charge,
who sort of, um, you know, when the weather's going to be bad,
when they can force all the weather.
So when they think the weather's going to be bad,
they lead the flock to shelter and safety.
Wow.
And the sheep which are particularly intelligent subbreed
are called Icelandic leader sheep.
Because they show leadership.
Oh, I don't think that's why, but it's a very nice coincidence.
And then, but the thing is, on like day snaps,
they never get to meet the lady, um, sheep today,
because basically it's a sperm donor kind of thing.
So even when they're swipes on, they're just like,
I know, all you're going to get is my sperm.
Oh my god. Thank God Tinder doesn't run like that.
I've never used Tinder, but, uh, is that not how it works?
I used to, but I'd never just pop my sperm in the purse.
This isn't the purse anyway.
Swipe to ride on me.
I think that might be a relief for a lot of women on Tinder.
Thank God a cup of sperm doesn't text me with a lot of stamps.
I'm ready.
First class male.
Wait, is that first class male?
Both ways round.
But they're into sheep.
Are they in Iceland?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Have three times as many sheep as people,
and they have this amazing ceremony every, every winter.
So basically the sheep in Iceland, they have this weird farming system
where all different farmers, different herds of sheep
are free to roam with each other up on the mountains.
So they're all intermingle, which is a massive hassle
when it comes to bringing them back down to put them in your pen,
because they're all mixed up.
And so they just recruit everyone.
So if you're a tourist in Iceland at, you know, pen time,
and it's got a name, I think it's called Retire Time,
and then you go and you help round up sheep,
and you have to shimmy them down the mountain.
And you put them into this big enclosure
with a central bit in the middle.
And then you, they've got little marks on their ears
that show which farmer they belong to.
And if you see them, aren't you, grab it by the ear
or by the scratch of its neck?
You lift it up and you chuck it into the bit of that enclosure.
Did he lift it up? The chuck it?
Did you lift it up and throw it?
That was very strong.
All right.
The sheep are really, they're really perfect in Iceland, aren't they?
They don't have any kind of other genes.
They're like, they've been there since the Vikings
and they've never had--
All right, captain Aryan over there.
No one's sullied these genes.
Well, this is what they think.
They think that because they've been there for the whole time,
they're not sullied by any other blood.
And in 1878, they imported a single English ram into Iceland,
and they had to kill 60% of Icelandic flocks
because they spread disease and parasites to the flocks.
English tourists are best in the world.
They love eating the sheep as well,
as well, obviously, because, you know, sheep are eaten.
But there's a thing called swith, which is half a sheep's head.
That's a delicacy.
And they make sour testicles and brain jam.
Well, they-- so I found out the best way to eat the boiled sheep's brain,
which is something that is a real delicacy.
And this is because there's an MP.
I think he might have been the foreign minister
or the homosexual or something.
He's a guy called, uh, why didn't I practice this name
before I came on stage.
He's called Osso Scalfeoyonton.
Osso Scalfeoyonton.
Well, I think he's safely anonymous.
That's the main thing.
He's not sat at home going,
why are they talking about me, is he?
No, he's not.
Wouldn't it be that guy who would react?
But he was in 2013.
He was serving some sheep's brain at a party.
And he said, "This is amongst the best boiled sheep said I've ever had.
They stuck to my gum as proper heads should."
So that's what I was supposed to do.
They stick to the gum.
And then he was asked really if it wasn't the best.
And he was like, "Okay, look, it wasn't the very best.
The head should have been more fermented."
Because we, from the West Fjords,
prefer our sheep's head so fermented
that we can drink the eye out of the eye socket.
So that's what you're going for.
Wow, goodness.
In 2018, two men in Iceland summoned the police
and the coast guard after they'd seen a polar bear
on a peninsula.
And that's obviously incredibly dangerous
because they really don't come near.
He was very often.
Eventually, after a lengthy search,
the search was called off and the man admitted,
it may just have been a large sheep.
It's just a lot closer than they thought.
It's understandable.
I know how to artificially inseminate a cow
based on researching for this podcast.
Cool.
So this is obviously about pairing sheep up with each other
so they can mate properly.
And dairy cows, you do the same thing.
So I think 75% of dairy cows in this country
when they have to be inseminated, they get inseminated,
but just by semen rather than the actual bull.
And for some reason, I found myself reading
this really in-depth farmer's guide to how to do it.
And what I didn't realise was,
so you get a semen gun, which you put the semen in.
[LAUGHTER]
Did you bring your semen gun to a gun fight?
No.
[LAUGHTER]
Amit.
You bring your semen gun to the insemination fight.
And, but what you do is, you have to--
so there are two entries into a cow.
So as much of the humans--
Yeah.
You've got the--
Oh, sorry.
There are three.
Oh, sorry, there are three.
Where are you, Devin?
Something tells me, you are not the biggest expert
in this room.
Are there a number of ways into a cow?
I know that people have never know all these secret ways,
but there are two entries into the back of a cow, officially.
And so one is the rectum, as we all have.
It's one professor.
Let me write this down.
Children, what do you be quiet?
You've got the rectum, and then you've got the sex tubes
and they're different.
All right, the cervix.
But what you do is, amazingly, when you're inseminating a cow,
you obviously have to stick the gun in the cervix.
But the way you navigate the gun into the uterine horns,
as they're called, is you have to put your other arm
that's not holding the gun into the rectum.
[LAUGHTER]
So it's so amazing.
And they say, shove your arm into the rectum.
Get someone else to hold the cow's tail aside while you do this.
You have to be a bald farmer who tried using one foot.
[LAUGHTER]
In the cow's tail.
This is the worst game of twist around ever played.
[LAUGHTER]
It says left hand, sex tubes.
Anyway, look, it just feels like this lesson isn't going to end.
So you essentially use your rectum arm
to navigate your semen gun, which is in the vaginal canal.
And you push it through.
So you've got your arm in the rectum,
and it's pushing against the other canal
so that it gets into the uterus.
And it's called recto vaginal insemination.
And that's lesson over.
Enjoy.
[APPLAUSE]
OK, that is it.
That is all of our facts.
Thank you so much for listening.
If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
and how the things that we have said over the course
of this podcast, please don't sound.
[LAUGHTER]
But if you insist, I'm on that tribal land.
Andy.
I'm Drew Hunterib.
James.
Hi, James Harkin.
And Chazinski.
Your authorities should email.
You can email podcasts at qi.com.
Or you can go to our group account, which
is at no such thing, or our website.
No such thing is a fish.com.
We have all of our previous episodes up there.
We have links to our upcoming tours.
We have YouTube videos of Anna showing how to inseminate.
Thank you so much.
Good night.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(audience cheering)